Hi, my name is Eric Kucks. I am currently a software engineer who is passionate
about food, health, ecology, and community. I'm deeply concerned by the culture
of anonymous, global corporations whose narrow definition of success often
doesn't take into account the long term health of people and the land. It's been
my wife and my growing desire to become more directly involved in finding ways to produce
healthy food while restoring the land and to raise our 5 year old son in that
environment. I don't have a farming background, but my
time as a software engineer has instilled in me the habit of always learning.
I've been reading a lot about permaculture and would love to start experimenting
with overlapping systems of food forests, rotational animal grazing,
hegelkultur, raised beds, and water management techniques such as ponds and
swales. My wife and I are taking a permaculture design course this year and I
have access to a suburban half acre to begin practicing food forest design with.

My parents are in Purcellville and my wife's parents are in Fredericksburg so
Charlottesville is a good central location for us. My idea at this point is to
work out a leasing arrangement with someone who is excited about exploring
permaculture principles of diversity and resiliency on the land. I would work
remotely as a software engineer, hopefully part time, to have some cash flow and
then spend the rest of my time working on the land. My wife is a piano teacher
and would probably continue to teach part time. A longer term dream of ours is
to start a Montessori style school that would partner with the farm and
emphasize both music and permaculture. Depending on the situation, my brother in
law is interested
